I would not like the app to be created for and this is just me I don't want you to create the app
for me just and have me drop into this UI like yeah you started calling it like test app I was
like yeah all right so I guess I created it before like I should be determining like what the name
is from the very start and know that I'm in the test app creation flow or app creation flow so
maybe like a little banner explaining now you need to create your app and this is what you're gonna do
instead of I think how we got here was oh yeah so I clicked on this just because I saw it integrate
and I was like connect the conversation API app all right so once we are here I saw this my first app
if you're the ones creating that yep that is confusing I would just want to be like all right
let's do it yeah this is what I would expect so I'm creating the my awesome app then I'm doing this
so I have all the context of what's going on it's my first time uh this makes sense
and then I could be like all right so I have this now I'm going to go over here and okay
you know the name is changed yeah it's something you've created yourself
yeah since I created that now I'm like all right the whole setting up the webhooks thing
that makes sense because I know how I got there yep
as you feel more in control like yeah this is I recognized the name the word came from
and yeah and I know what it's for because I'm the one that did the action to create it
like before since I wasn't familiar with the whole like RCS conversation API ecosystem I assumed
before I even got to this point that app was created by me and I'm just like going in and
hooking it up yep